ridge Hand Extractor - Summary Guide
Overview
This application extracts bridge hands from PDF files using a hardcoded approach. It creates a web interface where you can upload a PDF, process it, and download the extracted hands as a text file.

How the Hardcoding Approach Works
Basic Structure: The app uses Flask to create a web server with routes for uploading PDFs and downloading results.

The Key Function: extract_bridge_hands() contains manually defined data for each bridge hand.

Hand Format: Each hand is defined as a dictionary with:

number: The hand number (1-12)
cards: Card distributions for North, East, South, and West (each with suits in SHDC order)
dealer: Who is the dealer
bidding: The bidding sequence
question: The bidding question
solution: The correct answer and explanation
Example Hand Definition:

python


{
    'number': 1,
    'cards': {
        'north': "AJT84\nKT53\n94\nAJ",
        'east': "76\n762\nK63\nKQ963",
        'south': "9532\n4\nAQJ5\nT842",
        'west': "KQ\nAQJ98\nT872\n75"
    },
    'dealer': "North",
    'bidding': "North: 1♠\nEast: 2♥\nSouth: ?",
    'question': "Does South bid a) 2S or b) 3S",
    'solution': "South bids b) 3S. ADD in your shortage points when you hold 4 card support for partner's 5 card suit."
}
How to Add a New PDF
Analyze the PDF: Look at the PDF to identify the hands, card distributions, bidding sequences, questions, and solutions.

Update the extract_bridge_hands() Function: Replace the existing hand definitions with new ones based on your PDF.

Maintain the Format: Keep the same dictionary structure for each hand.

Card Format: Maintain the SHDC order (Spades, Hearts, Diamonds, Clubs) for each player's cards.

Common Issues to Watch For
Card Order: Make sure cards are in the correct order for each player.

Player Positions: Ensure North, East, South, and West cards are correctly assigned.

Line Breaks: Use \n to separate suits within a player's hand.

Special Characters: Replace any special characters in the PDF text (like ©) with standard characters.

Running the Application
Save the code as app.py
Make sure you have Flask and PyPDF2 installed:
code


pip install flask PyPDF2 flask-cors
Run the application:
code


python app.py
Open a web browser and go to:
code


http://127.0.0.1:5000/
Upload your PDF, process it, and download the results
For Future Reference
When asking for help with a new PDF, provide:

The new PDF file
Any specific requirements or changes needed
Mention that you need help updating the hardcoded bridge hand extractor
This approach is best for PDFs with consistent formatting where automatic extraction is challenging.